gh-128550: TaskGroup: cancel tasks added to set after aborting (#128551)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-01-06-18-58-07.gh-issue-128550.lzeWhZ.rst

> Fix an edge case issue in :class:`asyncio.TaskGroup` when an eager task creates another eager task that raises an exception and aborts the group before the former task is added to that group.

Reviewer: I think this is too technical for the changelog (users can look at the issue if they want the nitty-gritty details). How about something more general?

```suggestion
Fix a deadlock in :class:`asyncio.TaskGroup` when using eager tasks that abort the task group too early.
```

Author: It's not really a deadlock, it just allows a task to live that should die

Reviewer: So a `ResourceWarning`? You can just say that was fixed then.

Author: No not a resource warning, the task stays running and the task group waits for it instead of cancelling it

Reviewer: Running it locally, it seems like a deadlock, in the sense that the program won't ever finish unless interrupted. I think it's fine to just say "deadlock."

Author: I suppose it is a potential deadlock
